Congratulations, you've completed
the reinforcer learning specialization.
>> We've come a long way since the first
course where you learned about the basic
ideas of value functions, policies and
the sequential decision making problem.
>> The easiest way to remember all that
you've learned is to look again at our
course map.
We started in the tabular setting to
allow you to get comfortable with many
of the key concepts in RL without getting
bogged down by the additional issues that
arise when using function approximation.
>> We started by assuming
you have a perfect model and
focus on the key ideas and
prediction and control.
We talked about dynamic
programming methods and
how they solve Bellman equations.
>> We then moved to sample base methods
where the agent is no longer given
the model.
It mainly learns from trial and
error interaction with the world.
We started by considering algorithms
where the agent does not learn a model,
including both Monte Carlo algorithms and
temporal difference learning algorithms.
They use bootstrapping and
so can learn and
update their policy on every time step.
These included Q-Learning,
SARSA, and Expected SARSA for
control and TD for prediction.
>> We then revisited all these concepts
using function approximation to
learn approximate values and policies.
We first talked about how Monte Carlo and
TD algorithms extend to using
function approximation.
This required defining a loss function and
understanding gradient based
approaches to optimization.
We then discuss to new ideas, average
reward and policy gradient methods.
We learned about using average award as a
new way to formulate the agent's goal and
continuing test.
We also learned how policy gradient
methods can learn a policy directly by
optimizing the average award objective.
>> Our goal in the specialization was
to give you foundational knowledge.
Understanding the fundamentals
is essential to using reinforcer
learning appropriately.
You hopefully now better understand when
RL is well suited to a particular problem
and how to formulate your
problem as an RL problem.
This seeming simple thing
represents a big step.
Too often, people think, how can I apply
the state-of-the-art in RL to my problem,
when either a very simple
approach is appropriate or
the problem wasn't even well posed
as an RL problem in the first place.
We want you to know better.
Hopefully you have learned something
about being methodical and
scientific in using RL.
You now know how important it
is to formalize your mdp or
Bandit, identify appropriate
algorithms and carefully evaluate and
understand the performance of
your autonomous Learning System.
>> Knowing the fundamentals is
the first step towards learning more
about advanced topics in RL.
What you have learned here will
also help demystify algorithms
you might read about in blog posts or
scientific papers.
Once it seemed complex at first glance.
You should now be able to
see how state-of-the-art RL
systems are actually built on
relatively straightforward ideas.
Never be impressed by things
you don't understand.
>> My goal is to help more people
understand and effectively use RL.
I'm looking forward to seeing the things
you accomplish with your new skills.
>> We have really enjoyed
our time with you.
It is so exciting to learn about
a new topic for the first time.
We also strongly believe that RL and
AI will change the world for the better.
You are now ready to play your
part in that better world.